- [Mary Ellen] So now that we're done, what's next?
I would encourage you to dig deeper into Spring Data
by watching my course, Spring: Spring Data 2,
especially the querying chapter.
And if you are up to a challenge, my course
Extending, Securing, and Dockerizing
Spring Boot Microservices
is really a part two to this course.
There, we elevate the Explore Cali JPA application
into a production-ready microservice.
I love learner feedback.
You can reach out to me via my website MaryEllenTeaches.Me
as well as my GitHub organization called MaryEllenTeaches.
I can also be found on LinkedIn and Twitter.
Please tell me what you think of this course,
as well as what you would like to learn next.
I hope you enjoyed taking this learning journey with me
and that it helps you succeed
in your Spring application development.
Thanks for watching and keep on coding.